Deprecate gRPC API (#1334)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/usage/customization-guide.md

The NodeFeature CRD API can be disabled with the
`-enable-nodefeature-api=false` command line flag. This flag must be specified
for both nfd-master and nfd-worker as it will enable the gRPC communication

> between them. Note that this feature is **DEPRECATED** and will be removed in a
> future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between them. Note that the gRPC API is **DEPRECATED** and will be removed in a future release, at which point the NodeFeature API cannot be disabled.
```

Reviewer: This^
